nl	vlinders 
ja	バタフライ | 
id	Gembira... 
ar	&rlm;‏"إثارة‏ | 
da	Sommerfugle 
en	♪ Butterflies ♪ | 
es-eu	Mariposas 
es	Mariposas... 
fi	Perhoset 
fr	Mon corps frissonne 
he	&rlm;‏פרפרים‏ | 
it	Farfalle... 
ko	설렘 | 
pr	Arrepios 
pr-br	Arrepios 
ro	Fluturi 
sv	Fjärilar 
tr	Kelebekler 
vi	Xao động... | 
zh-long	蝴蝶呀… 
zh-short	紧张不安 
ru	Бабочки 
pl	Motylki 
th	ผีเสื้อ... | 
el	Πεταλούδες... 

en	♪ Dancing with the Devil ♪ 
ja	&lrm;悪魔と踊ろうぜ | 
ar	‫"الرقص مع الشيطان"‬ | 
cs	Tancujeme s ďáblem 
da	Danser med djævlen  
de	Tanz mit dem Teufel 
el	Χορεύω με τον διάβολο 
es	Bailando con el diablo. 
es-eu	Bailando con el diablo 
fi	Tanssin paholaisen kanssa 
fr	Danser avec le diable 
he	‫לרקוד עם השטן"‬ | 
hr	Plešemo s vragom 
hu	Tánc az ördöggel 
id	Menari dengan iblis | 
it	Ballando col diavolo 
ko	악마와 춤을! 
ms	Menari dengan iblis 
nl	dansen met de duivel 
no	Danser med djevelen 
pl	Tańczę z diabłem 
pt	A dançar com o diabo 
pt-br	Dançando com o diabo 
ro	Dansând cu diavolul 
ru	Танцы с дьяволом 
sv	Dansa med djävulen 
th	เต้นกับปีศาจ 
tr	Şeytanla dans etmek 
vi	Nhảy cùng quỷ dữ 
zh-long	和魔鬼跳舞 
zh-short	与恶魔共舞 

